README.md, before:

# Bear

Bear is a starting point for any web project. It includes a Sass folder structure and start up grid along with Gulp set up and configuration.

## Getting Started

In the terminal navigate to the root directory of the project and run the command below...

```
  npm install gulp gulp-ruby-sass gulp-autoprefixer gulp-minify-css gulp-jshint gulp-concat gulp-uglify gulp-imagemin gulp-clean gulp-rename gulp-cache gulp-livereload gulp-open gulp-sftp --save-dev
```


### Support
If you have any questions get in touch:

-   [info@cathydutton.co.uk](mailto:info@cathydutton.co.uk)
-   [@cathy_dutton](http://twitter.com/cathy_dutton)


## Features

* HTML5.
* Cross-browser compatible (Chrome, Firefox, IE9+, Safari).
* Sass

## Log

* V1.0.1 (21/03/2014) - Upload first version for testing.
* V2.0.1 (25/06/2014) - Rebuild using Gulp to replace Grunt.



## License
```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) [2014] [Cathy Dutton]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update index page styling, remove ftp, add linter
Update index page styling, remove ftp, add linter

README.md, after:

# Bear

Bear is a starting point for any web project. It includes a Sass folder structure and start up grid along with Gulp set up and configuration.

## Getting Started

In the terminal navigate to the root directory of the project and run the command below...

```
  npm install
```

To run Gulp type the command...

```
  gulp
```

To run Sass Lint type the command...

```
  gulp lint
```


### Support
If you have any questions get in touch:

-   [info@cathydutton.co.uk](mailto:info@cathydutton.co.uk)
-   [@cathy_dutton](http://twitter.com/cathy_dutton)


## Features

* HTML5.
* Cross-browser compatible (Chrome, Firefox, IE9+, Safari).
* Sass

## Log

* V1.0.1 (21/03/2014) - Upload first version for testing.
* V2.0.1 (25/06/2014) - Rebuild using Gulp to replace Grunt.
* V2.0.2 (24/09/2014) - Remove FTP, Add Sass Lint, Refactor 



## License
```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) [2014] [Cathy Dutton]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
